One two, one two. I want my superhero at home.
Override.
Yeah, you got it. Don't worry.
Hi. My name is Erik and today we are looking at a great superhero!
And not just for ordinary superheroes. And Spiderman!
The guy who saves human lives and sends bad guys down to hell.
And it's not just an ordinary figure.
If you think Spiderman is just a plastic figure that stands and moves hands,
so you are in a big mistake.
Because Spiderman has a built-in radio in it
that starts on the side.
ON button.
And here's another button on the side,
you control her.
Of course, this radio can be used both outdoors and at home
because it has a frequency of up to 40.6 MHz.
So this is Spiderman - the radio.
And the one beside him is also a radio that already has a built-in Super Spiderman antenna.
And let's see how it works.
There is a button on the side - ON / OFF again.
You hear the noise.
That is right.
This is how every good Spiderman chase for a bad guy starts.
So I'm switching.
Razdvarazdvarazdva ... Do we hear?
Do we hear?
Override.
This radio is good for boys from 3 years old.
And I think it can be used in any way.
Household.
You definitely must not miss your boys in the room.
It is made entirely of plastic material,
it's handy
of course, guys can only play with it if they don't have it turned on as a radio,
it can be manipulated in any way.
Don't go,
it does not have bendable joints ...
this Spiderman figurine. Unfortunately, this is not the case.
But!
She has moving hands.
All you need to do is take a handy crosshair, a screwdriver,
at the back you remove it, open your back and put the flashlight there.
The same is the case with the other radio.
Also a crosshair ... You remove, lift, connect a flashlight and it works.
We don't only have these radios in the collection
but we also have a Spiderman ejection helicopter,
and we have the plush Spiderman himself.
And I'm still saying goodbye to you and sending us to us.
See you next video.
Hi!